Alright!
Let's set up SSH keys so you
can reach your servers without passwords.
This is pure SSH;
rdc isn't involved yet.
Two ideas.
Generate one key on your laptop,
then authorize it on each server
with ssh-copy-id.
Generate once,
copy per server.
First,
generate a new SSH key on
your laptop.
Ed25519 is secure,
small,
and well supported.
You do this once;
the same key works for every
server you add.
This is plain SSH,
independent of any tooling here.
Key generated.
The public half is what we copy to each
server.
Now authorize the key on your first
server with ssh-copy-id.
It appends your public key to the
server's authorized list,
so future logins skip the password.
Authorized on the first server.
No more password prompts there.
Do the same for every other server
you manage.
Here we authorize the second one.
Just repeat ssh-copy-id for each machine.
Both servers now trust this key.
SSH is fully set up.
Your key is set and your servers
trust it.
Next up,
we add your first server to rdc.